README.md, before:

# Data Structure in C++

As I'm learning DSA, I decided to make a repo for people interested in how Abstract Data Types (ADT) work. I'll do my best to keep this repo updated

> [!TIP]
> The explanation of every ADT and DSA will be added to **WIKI** soon

## Why You Should Learn Data Structure and Algorithm (DSA)

The first and main reason you ought to know is these data structures and algorithms will help you to understand the underlying process of each type and Abstract Data Type (ADT). <br>
For instance if you are a junior programmer or new to these languages like **Java**, **C++** and **C** you might encounter not knowing what ADT you have to use in your application to keep the data efficiently.

The second reason is that by knowing this information you can nail the interview and get hired. some applications are time and space sensitive it means you need to optimize your code to make a process streamlined. <br>
How can you do that? Well by knowing how everything works. that's why employers tend to ask DSA questions in an interview.

## List of Data Structures in the Repo

> [!NOTE]
> I'll update this section whenever I add a new Data Structure or Abstract Data Type.

1. Vector (Dynamic Arrays)
2. String
3. List (Linked List)

## Resources

[DSA By WilliamFlest YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDV1Zeh2NRsB6SWUrDFW2RmDotAfPbeHu)

[DSA By Abdul Bari Udemy](https://www.udemy.com/course/datastructurescncpp/)

Commit message:

[NEW]: add build system to the project

README.md, after:

# Data Structure in C++

As I'm learning DSA, I decided to make a repo for people interested in how Abstract Data Types (ADT) work. I'll do my best to keep this repo updated

> [!TIP]
> The explanation of every ADT and DSA will be added to **WIKI** soon

## How To Build Solution File For VS2022

> [!CAUTIOUS]
> Run Build.bat file to build the solution

## Why You Should Learn Data Structure and Algorithm (DSA)

The first and main reason you ought to know is these data structures and algorithms will help you to understand the underlying process of each type and Abstract Data Type (ADT). <br>
For instance if you are a junior programmer or new to these languages like **Java**, **C++** and **C** you might encounter not knowing what ADT you have to use in your application to keep the data efficiently.

The second reason is that by knowing this information you can nail the interview and get hired. some applications are time and space sensitive it means you need to optimize your code to make a process streamlined. <br>
How can you do that? Well by knowing how everything works. that's why employers tend to ask DSA questions in an interview.

## List of Data Structures in the Repo

> [!NOTE]
> I'll update this section whenever I add a new Data Structure or Abstract Data Type.

1. Vector (Dynamic Arrays)
2. String
3. List (Linked List)

## Resources

[DSA By WilliamFlest YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDV1Zeh2NRsB6SWUrDFW2RmDotAfPbeHu)

[DSA By Abdul Bari Udemy](https://www.udemy.com/course/datastructurescncpp/)
